docs: 5.0.0 release docs test retries (#2925)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: source/guides/core-concepts/writing-and-organizing-tests.md

{% partial allowed_test_config %}

### Suite configuration

If you want to target a suite of tests to run or be excluded when run in a specific browser, you can override the `browser` configuration within the suite configuration. The `browser` option accepts the same arguments as {% url "`Cypress.isBrowser()`" isbrowser %}.

```js
describe('When in Chrome', {  browser: '!chrome' } () => {
  it('Shows warning', () => {
    cy.get('.browser-warning')
      .should('contain', 'For optimal viewing, use Chrome browser')
  })

  it('Links to browser compatibility doc', () => {
    cy.get('a.browser-compat')
      .should('have.attr', 'href')
      .and('include', 'browser-compatibility)
  })
})
```

### Single test configuration

> You can configure the number of times to retry a test if they fail during `cypress run` or `cypress open` separately. See {% url "Test Retries" test-retries %} for more information.

Reviewer: Pluralization mismatch. "separately" is unneeded. It was referencing the tests failing separately instead of the configuration.

```suggestion
You can configure the number of times to retry tests if they fail during `cypress run` or `cypress open`. See {% url "Test Retries" test-retries %} for more information.
```

> ### Suite of test configuration

Reviewer 2: existing typo: "Suite or test configuration"
